##Usage

Requires [sbt](http://simple-build-tool.googlecode.com/) and the [Android SDK](http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html) (`brew install sbt android-sdk` when using [homebrew](http://github.com/mxcl/homebrew) on OSX).

Using a [giter8][g8] template is the easiest way to create a new
project that uses the plugin. If you don't have giter8 installed:

[g8]: https://github.com/n8han/giter8#readme

    $ curl https://github.com/n8han/conscript/raw/master/setup.sh | sh
    $ ~/bin/cs n8han/giter8

Now create a new project with one of the Android templates:

    $ ~/bin/g8 n8han/android-app

This will prompt you to customize a few values (press enter to accept
defaults), then create the project structure and all needed files plus
skeleton tests, specs and activities.

To build the package:

    $ cd <your app name>
    $ sbt # enter sbt's interactive mode

    > update
    > package

To install and start the main activity in a running emulator:

    > start-emulator

To build a signed package for release into the Marketplace:

    > sign-release

##Scala Versions

The version of Scala that sbt compiles your project against is
configured in the `buildScalaVersion` property in the
`project/build.properties` file. You can set this to any Scala
version.

Whenever you change build versions, you'll need to run `update` again
to fetch dependencies. For more information, see the sbt documentation
on [cross-building][cb].

[cb]: http://code.google.com/p/simple-build-tool/wiki/CrossBuild

##Typed resources references

As an enhancement to the Android build process, this plugin can
generate typed references to application layout elements. To enable,
mix the `TypedResources` trait into your sbt project
definition. During compilation a file `TR.scala` will be generated
under `src_managed/main/scala`.

Typed resource references are created in an object `TR` (similar to
Android's standard `R`). These are handled by the method `findView`
defined in the traits `TypedView` and `TypedActivity`. There are also
implicit conversions defined in the object `TypedResource`; import
these to add the method on demand to any views and activities in
scope. The `findView` method casts the view to the known resource type
before returning it, so that application code can avoid the redundancy
of casting a resource to a type it has declared in the resource
definition.

Since Android's resource IDs are scoped to the application, a warning
is issued by the plugin when the same ID is used for different types
of a resources; the type of resources retrieved by that ID will be
unpredictable.

##Hacking on the plugin

If you need make modifications to the plugin itself, you can compile
and install it locally (you need at least sbt 0.7.x to build it):

    $ git clone git://github.com/jberkel/android-plugin.git
    $ cd android-plugin
    $ sbt publish-local    

Because the plugin gets cached in a project based on its version
number you might need to use `sbt clean-plugins` to force a reload
after `sbt publish-local`.

##Credits

This code is based on work by Walter Chang
([saisiyat](http://github.com/weihsiu/saisiyat/)), turned into a plugin by
[Mark Harrah](http://github.com/harrah).
